README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/mauritiusdadd/crtwo2fits.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mauritiusdadd/crtwo2fits)

# LEGAL NOTES

Maurizio D'Addona <mauritiusdadd@gmail.com> (C) 2015 - 2022

crtwo2fits is a program for conveertinf CR2 files into FIST images.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).

# INSTALLATION

## Linux

### - Archlinux

To install this package just download the [PKGBUILD](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/crtwo2fits/) from the AUR and use makepkg.

### - From sources
Unpack the source package or just clone the git repository, then use pip to install the required dependencies and then the package itself

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    $ pip install .

Finally you should copy the configuration file into /etc:

    # cp /usr/share/crtwo2fits/crtwo2fits.conf /etc

However, it is wisier to make a package compatible with the package manager
of your distribution and use the latter instead of running the installation
script manually.

For list of python dependecies needed by this package see the file requirements.txt

## Anaconda (platform independent, mostly)

Unpack the source package or just clone the git repository, then activate the environment you want to use and run pip to install the package

    $ pip install .
    
The required dependencies should be already provided by the default environment, if this is not the case just install the dependencies listed in the file requirements.txt

    $ conda install --file requirements.txt

<b>NOTE</b>: Under linux pip usually installs the package in your user's local environment, so you may want to update the following environment variables

    $ export PATH=${PATH}:~/.local/bin
    $ export MANPATH=${MANPATH}:~/.local/share/man
    

# BUGS AND WISHES

If you find a bug or you just want to suggest a new feature, please
open a issue on github.

Commit message:

Update main app for OSX

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/mauritiusdadd/crtwo2fits.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mauritiusdadd/crtwo2fits)

# LEGAL NOTES

Maurizio D'Addona <mauritiusdadd@gmail.com> (C) 2015 - 2022

crtwo2fits is a program for conveertinf CR2 files into FIST images.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/).

# INSTALLATION

## Linux

### - Archlinux

To install this package just download the [PKGBUILD](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/crtwo2fits/) from the AUR and use makepkg.

### - From sources
Unpack the source package or just clone the git repository, then use pip to install the required dependencies and then the package itself

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    $ pip install .

Finally you should copy the systemwide configuration file into /etc:

    # cp /usr/share/crtwo2fits/crtwo2fits.conf /etc

This file contains the default configuration for the main program. You could create a custom per-user settings file by copying the default config in your ~/.config directory

    # cp /usr/share/crtwo2fits/crtwo2fits.conf ~/.config

The user defined settings will supersede the systemwide config.

However, it is wisier to make a package compatible with the package manager
of your distribution and use the latter instead of running the installation
script manually.

For list of python dependecies needed by this package see the file requirements.txt

## Anaconda (platform independent, mostly)

Unpack the source package or just clone the git repository, then activate the environment you want to use and run pip to install the package

    $ pip install .
    
The required dependencies should be already provided by the default environment, if this is not the case just install the dependencies listed in the file requirements.txt

    $ conda install --file requirements.txt

Under Linux and OS X you should create a custom per-user settings file by copying the default config in your ~/.config directory:

    # cp <CONDA_DIRECTORY>/share/crtwo2fits/crtwo2fits.conf ~/.config

Also note that under linux pip usually installs the package in your user local environment, so you may want to update the following environment variables

    $ export PATH=${PATH}:~/.local/bin
    $ export MANPATH=${MANPATH}:~/.local/share/man
    

# BUGS AND WISHES

If you find a bug or you just want to suggest a new feature, please
open a issue on github.
